Update IOR to Systemgruppen (#562)
datasektionen/bawang-content: namnder/systemgruppen/body_en.md

Reviewer: "Systems Group" probably makes more sense than "System Group", no?

# System Group

> We are happy that you found the System Group's page. We are also known as the _Donkeys_, which is a name that does not describe what we do very well. The System Group is in charge of developing new systems and maintaining the chapter’s current systems. In short, we are a group of students who enjoy programming and learning together. Everyone is welcome here, regardless of whether you have worked as a developer for a few years or are completely new to programming.

Author: :donkey:

## The Chapter’s systems

The chapter’s systems are available on our [Github](https://github.com/datasektionen/), if you want access to see or edit something, you can ask Head of IT or come to one of our programming evenings.

### Selection of systems

Here is a list of some systems that previous students have built and that the chapter use extensively:
- [Cashflow](https://cashflow.datasektionen.se) is probably our most used system. Here you can register expenses that you have made for the chapter and the Treasurer (or some other responsible person) will pay the money to you as soon as possible. Neat, right?

> - [Mentometer](https://mentometer.datasektionen.se) is used to hold certain elections during chapter meetings (SM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Pandora](https://bokning.datasektionen.se) is used to book chapter rooms and equipment.
```

- [aaallt](https://aaallt.datasektionen.se/) may not be our most exciting system, but here you can go to almost every other system the chapter has.

## Join the club

> We regularly try to hold programming evenings where everyone is welcome. Usually from 5 pm onwards on Thursdays, usually somewhere in the E-house. You can come here to see what we're doing, develop something for the chapter, hang out or maybe get help with a programming lab. The easiest way to find out when we have events is to ask in our [Mattermost](https://mattermost.datasektionen.se/systemgruppen/channels/town-square)! Hope to see you there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We regularly try to hold programming evenings where everyone is welcome. Usually from 5 pm onwards on Thursdays, usually somewhere in the E-building. You can come here to see what we're doing, develop something for the chapter, hang out or maybe get help with a programming lab. The easiest way to find out when we have events is to ask in our [Mattermost](https://dsekt.se/ior)! Hope to see you there!
```
